(Two girls walking to get ready for the next scene)
(And it’s the scene that Kim Lip and Choerry running towards somewhere!)
Kim Lip: I’m….
KIm Lip: Done! However, Choerry still left one more thing to do~
KIm Lip: So I’m resting in the shade~
Kim Lip: Not like Choerry who is working in the hot sun~
(Choerry in the hot sun!)
Kim Lip: You know that? Choerry is really good at opening her eyes under the hot sunlight.
Kim Lip: However I can barely open my eyes!
KIm Lip: Because it’s too hard to look at the sun in this type of weather~
(Eclipse Kim Lip can barely look at the sun…)
Kim Lip: So it was so amazing. Look, she is opening her eyes really well!
Kim Lip: Choerry, you are the best!
(Kim Lip can’t open her eyes but Choerry doesn’t care it!)
(Kim Lip can’t open her eyes but Choerry doesn’t care it again!)
(Kim Lip can’t open her eyes but Choerry doesn’t care it like this!)
(Maybe her eyes are perfectly suitable for filming in the hot sun)
(However opening eyes in front of the light is not that easy even for her…)
(Because the light is too much big and strong!)